Levi Connelly
CS495_801
09-01-2020

Over the summer, I did research with CyberWater with Dr. Lin, did the TechPoint S.O.S. Challenge, received a
$500 stipend for that, and I finnally quit my job at Dollar General. I'm very proud of the latter. I hate
that place. I also fumbled around with some different tools, configured a Raspberry Pi to run my own website
on the Dark Web (nothing illegal, just a lot of CSS magic [no JavaScript]). I also built my own desk light
from a broken nightlight that sits on the bottomside of my desk so I can shine it on my keyboard at night without
shining the light in my eyes. I also rescued a stray cat. His name is Pesto. He's small and orange and he loves to
lick hands :)


Nick Hammerstrom
CS495_801
09-01-2020

My summer was very lowkey due to the Coronavirus. I started back working at the rec-center once we opened back in July because
covid dismantled the couple of internship interviews I was slated for unfortunately. Other than that I spent most of my time hanging out
with my roommates, playing various videogames, and continuing work on my personal website/resume site. Overall pretty uneventful.

Sara Bailey
CS495_801
09-01-2020

My summer was uneventful. I mostly just read books and replayed the Dragon Age series a bunch of times.
I also took care of the house so that my mom could have her summer break completely off since she is a high school teacher.
I also worked as a petsitter so that was fun.


Austin Foster
CS495_801
09-01-2020

This summer was pretty uneventful for me becuase of COVID and such. My days mostly consisted of playing video games, messing around
in some different languages and engines, and working my job at "Rick's Cafe Boatyard". However, now I have an paid intership with a company 
called "Suburban Home Health" and I am mostly just doing IT and basic networking stuff. I also started working on getting in shape
and changing my diet so that I am not consuming so much junk.

Luke Holliday
CS495_801
09-02-2020

This summer has perhaps one of the most tame and boring I have ever had. I chose to live with my parents for the summer since I had not seen
them in quite some time. Mom went through a lot earlier in the year and visiting her was really nice. COVID kept me inside most of the summer,
but I did try to make time to see old friends if/when I could. I also tried out a variety of new games over the summer. Risk of Rain 2 and Among Us
are the standout titles that I have been going back to with friends. If you haven't tried either of those, I highly recommend.